c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\bin\Debug\TDOHLC.exe
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\bin\Debug\TDOHLC.pdb
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\bin\Debug\AForge.Controls.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\bin\Debug\AForge.Neuro.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\bin\Debug\AForge.Genetic.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\bin\Debug\AForge.Controls.xml
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\bin\Debug\AForge.Neuro.xml
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.xml
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.xml
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\bin\Debug\AForge.Genetic.xml
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.xml
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\obj\x86\Debug\TDOHLC.Form1.resources
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\obj\x86\Debug\TDOHLC.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\obj\x86\Debug\TDOHLC.exe
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\obj\x86\Debug\TDOHLC.pdb
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\bin\Debug\TDOHLC.exe.manifest
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\bin\Debug\TDOHLC.application
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\obj\x86\Debug\TDOHLC.exe.manifest
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\obj\x86\Debug\TDOHLC.application
D:\OneDrive\LuanVan\DEmo_TRenMang'\TDOHLCProject\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\obj\x86\Debug\TDOHLC.exe
D:\OneDrive\LuanVan\DEmo_TRenMang'\TDOHLCProject\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\obj\x86\Debug\TDOHLC.pdb
D:\OneDrive\LuanVan\DEmo_TRenMang'\TDOHLCProject\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\bin\Debug\TDOHLC.exe
D:\OneDrive\LuanVan\DEmo_TRenMang'\TDOHLCProject\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\bin\Debug\TDOHLC.pdb
D:\OneDrive\LuanVan\DEmo_TRenMang'\TDOHLCProject\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.dll
D:\OneDrive\LuanVan\DEmo_TRenMang'\TDOHLCProject\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.dll
D:\OneDrive\LuanVan\DEmo_TRenMang'\TDOHLCProject\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\bin\Debug\AForge.Genetic.dll
D:\OneDrive\LuanVan\DEmo_TRenMang'\TDOHLCProject\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
D:\OneDrive\LuanVan\DEmo_TRenMang'\TDOHLCProject\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
D:\OneDrive\LuanVan\DEmo_TRenMang'\TDOHLCProject\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\bin\Debug\AForge.Controls.xml
D:\OneDrive\LuanVan\DEmo_TRenMang'\TDOHLCProject\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\bin\Debug\AForge.Neuro.xml
D:\OneDrive\LuanVan\DEmo_TRenMang'\TDOHLCProject\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.xml
D:\OneDrive\LuanVan\DEmo_TRenMang'\TDOHLCProject\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.xml
D:\OneDrive\LuanVan\DEmo_TRenMang'\TDOHLCProject\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\bin\Debug\AForge.Genetic.xml
D:\OneDrive\LuanVan\DEmo_TRenMang'\TDOHLCProject\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.xml
D:\OneDrive\LuanVan\DEmo_TRenMang'\TDOHLCProject\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\obj\x86\Debug\TDOHLC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\OneDrive\LuanVan\DEmo_TRenMang'\TDOHLCProject\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\obj\x86\Debug\TDOHLC.Form1.resources
D:\OneDrive\LuanVan\DEmo_TRenMang'\TDOHLCProject\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\obj\x86\Debug\TDOHLC.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\OneDrive\LuanVan\DEmo_TRenMang'\TDOHLCProject\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\obj\x86\Debug\TDOHLC.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\OneDrive\LuanVan\DEmo_TRenMang'\TDOHLCProject\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.dll
D:\OneDrive\LuanVan\DEmo_TRenMang'\TDOHLCProject\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.xml
E:\HUFI\NghienCuuKhoaHoc\1.T.Vinh\Sourcode\NoRon\TDOHLCProject\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\obj\x86\Debug\TDOHLC.exe
E:\HUFI\NghienCuuKhoaHoc\1.T.Vinh\Sourcode\NoRon\TDOHLCProject\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\obj\x86\Debug\TDOHLC.pdb
E:\HUFI\NghienCuuKhoaHoc\1.T.Vinh\Sourcode\NoRon\TDOHLCProject\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\bin\Debug\TDOHLC.exe
E:\HUFI\NghienCuuKhoaHoc\1.T.Vinh\Sourcode\NoRon\TDOHLCProject\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\bin\Debug\TDOHLC.pdb
E:\HUFI\NghienCuuKhoaHoc\1.T.Vinh\Sourcode\NoRon\TDOHLCProject\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.dll
E:\HUFI\NghienCuuKhoaHoc\1.T.Vinh\Sourcode\NoRon\TDOHLCProject\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.xml
E:\HUFI\NghienCuuKhoaHoc\1.T.Vinh\Sourcode\NoRon\TDOHLCProject\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\obj\x86\Debug\TDOHLC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\HUFI\NghienCuuKhoaHoc\1.T.Vinh\Sourcode\NoRon\TDOHLCProject\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\obj\x86\Debug\TDOHLC.Form1.resources
E:\HUFI\NghienCuuKhoaHoc\1.T.Vinh\Sourcode\NoRon\TDOHLCProject\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\obj\x86\Debug\TDOHLC.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\HUFI\NghienCuuKhoaHoc\1.T.Vinh\Sourcode\NoRon\TDOHLCProject\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\obj\x86\Debug\TDOHLC.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\HUFI\NghienCuuKhoaHoc\1.T.Vinh\Sourcode\NoRon\winequality_whiteProject\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\obj\x86\Debug\TDOHLC.exe
E:\HUFI\NghienCuuKhoaHoc\1.T.Vinh\Sourcode\NoRon\winequality_whiteProject\TDOHLC\TDOHLC\obj\x86\Debug\TDOHLC.pdb
